Update New-NetQosPolicy.md (#1921)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/netqos/New-NetQosPolicy.md

ThrottleRate   : 1 MBytes/sec
```

> This command creates a QoS policy named FTP that matches an application path at ftp.exe and throttles the traffic at 8,388,608 bits per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a QoS policy named FTP that matches an application path at ftp.exe and throttles the traffic at 8,000,000 bits per second.
```

ThrottleRate   : 10 MBytes/sec
```

> This command creates a QoS policy that matches TCP traffic sent to port 80 and rate-limits it at 83,886,080 bits per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a QoS policy that matches TCP traffic sent to port 80 and rate-limits it at 80,000,000 bits per second.
```

ThrottleRate   : 500 KBytes/sec
```

> This command creates a QoS policy named IIS that matches return traffic from an HTTP server application with the specified URI and rate limit the return traffic at 4,096,000 bits per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command creates a QoS policy named IIS that matches return traffic from an HTTP server application with the specified URI and rate limit the return traffic at 4,000,000 bits per second.
```
